{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green98\blue135;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;
\red29\green123\blue180;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Gregory White}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl700\sa230

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How do I complete this project?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl476\sa300

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 NOTE:
\b0  If you are submitting before 
\b October 18th
\b0 , 2015, your project must compile in either
\b Xcode 6.4 and Swift 1.2
\b0  or 
\b Xcode 7 and Swift 2.0
\b0 . After this date, submitted projects must compile in Xcode's most up-to-date, 
\b stable
\b0  release: Xcode 7.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl476
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1giyVDlOLBPUyNDVf_Eyqt0Oyxb-3sUDKPFK-XBkZNbc/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Read the project specification}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  and/or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pitch-perfect-portfolio-app/id987684705?mt=8"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 download an example}} of the app.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl476
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Review the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LlcUT90j-ItbRQpB3ivLHwjP-KgKOUdoOLpz0WirpSo/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 grading rubric}} to see how your project will be assessed. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 If desired, download a collection of images used in the app. These can be found in the
\b Downloadables
\b0  section below.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 If necessary, take {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud585-nd"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 Intro to iOS App Development with Swift}}, which walks you step-by-step through creating the Pitch Perfect App.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Once you have a completed app, make the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uotwFB5A3qmQL4-NTNuI4UT_UqqPrsZ17wZMY6XhlB0/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 following changes to your code}}, based on feedback from a professional iOS Developer.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa230

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 Submission\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl476\sa300

\fs28 \cf4 Check your project for completion
\b0 \
Before submitting your project for evaluation, we recommend that you check that each of the following is true:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl476
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Your app compiles & runs as expected\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 You are proud of your app and its output\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 You completed your project according to the instructions\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 You made the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uotwFB5A3qmQL4-NTNuI4UT_UqqPrsZ17wZMY6XhlB0/pub"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 following improvements to your code}}\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 You checked your project against the rubric\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl476\sa300

\b \cf4 \cb3 Submit your project
\b0 \
When you're ready to submit your project, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/3082218740"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 click here}} and follow the instructions. If you are having any problems submitting your project please email us at 
\b ios-project@udacity.com
\b0 .\
}